feat(versioning): add dependency versioning utility and docs #11 (#12)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-library: docs/dependencyTagVersioning.md

This is a two part utility for the purpose of generating a custom string for dependency component tag naming. This is important to prevent [version conflicts](https://www.thinktecture.com/en/web-components/web-components-flaws/#elementor-toc__heading-anchor-0) when multiple versions of a given Auro component may be loaded on a single page.

_Note: The example configuration used below in all code samples assumes `auro-dropdown` is the dependency component. Substitute any Auro component in the example code as needed._

### Part 1: The Build

#### Configuration

1. Create a new file `./scripts/version.js` with the following content:

```js
const versionWriter = require("./versionWriter"); // need to update this with the right path when used from node_modules

versionWriter.writeDepVersionFile('@aurodesignsystem/auro-dropdown'); // duplicate this line for each Auro dependency.
```

2. Add the following script to the component `package.json` file:

```json
"build:version": "node scripts/version.js"
```

3. The `build:version` script in `package.json` should be added as the first step of the `build` script.

```json
"build": "npm-run-all build:version ... etc.",
```

#### Execution

> Once configuration is complete, exeucte `npm run build`. This must be done once before `npm run dev` when developing locally. When Auro dependencies are initially installed or updated to new versions then `npm run build:version` or a complete `npm run build` must be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the configuration is complete, execute `npm run build`. This must be done once before `npm run dev` when developing locally. When Auro dependencies are initially installed or updated to new versions then `npm run build:version` or a complete `npm run build` must be executed.
```

Upon execution of `build:version`, for each Auro dependency defined in the `./scripts/version.js` file, a new JS file will be created that contains the installed version of the dependency.

For example, following these steps:
1. Run `npm i @aurodesignsystem/auro-dropdown@1.0.0`
1. add the following to the `./scripts/version.js` script file:
```js
versionWriter.writeDepVersionFile('@aurodesignsystem/auro-dropdown');
```
1. Run `npm run build`

Will result in:
- A new file created: `./src/dropdownVersion.js`
- File content will export the version of the component installed. In this case:
`export default '1.0.0'`

### Part 2: The Runtime

#### Configuration

In the main component JS file located in the `./src` directory add the following:

```js
import { AuroDependencyVersioning } from "../scripts/dependencyTagVersioning.mjs";
import { AuroDropdown } from '@aurodesignsystem/auro-dropdown/src/auro-dropdown.js';
import dropdownVersion from './dropdownVersion';
```

In the components constructor add the following:

```js

> this.dropdownTag = versioning.generateTag('auro-dropdown', dropdownVersion, AuroDropdown);

Reviewer 2: Should we include [this line](https://github.com/AlaskaAirlines/auro-combobox/pull/148/files#diff-94513de8f740c27b4429eb6e2f05ab7dfa54fbef9274015d546eef3e4c420f78R64) above this to make it clear that `versioning` comes from `AuroDependencyVersioning`?
